Update max-connections tuning recommendation (#2717)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/large-deployments/tuning.adoc

                         However, each connection consumes resources, in particular xref:work-mem[`work_mem`] megabytes per sort operation per connection.
| Tune when            | xref:hibernate-c3p0-max-size[`hibernate.c3p0.max_size`] changes significantly, as that parameter determines the maximum number of connections available to Tomcat and Taskomatic
| Value default        | 400

> | Value recommendation | Varies based on other settings, use [command]``/usr/lib/susemanager/bin/susemanager-connection-check`` to obtain a recommendation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value recommendation | Depends on other settings, use [command]``/usr/lib/susemanager/bin/susemanager-connection-check`` to obtain a recommendation.
```
